Added doctest to CI (#25)
pybamm-team/pybamm-cookiecutter: README.md

## 📃 License

> `pybamm-cookiecutter` is fully open source. For more information about its license, see [LICENSE](https://github.com/pybamm-team/pybamm-cookiecutter/blob/main/LICENSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pybamm-cookiecutter` project is open source code. For more information about its license, see [LICENSE](https://github.com/pybamm-team/pybamm-cookiecutter/blob/main/LICENSE).
```

I think the word "fully" is redundant

> <!-- SPHINX-END -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- SPHINX-END -->
```
